so our guest tonight has played over 200
games already for us he's only 21 I
think he's what's said to be an
absolutely world class superstar you
please welcome Jeff Fabregas was 10 11
and I had to travel after school if you
needed five o'clock i had to go to
Barcelona pick up stix more players in a
taxi then train come back I arrived at
home around twelve o'clock after the
homework up dinner so he goes yeah it
was hard but you know swarthy I liked
playing people I like doing what I was
doing and that's it I never thought
about being a footballer and nothing
like that you know cause he's a dream
since you are young but I never thought
about being one and now I feel fortunate
to be they told me when after three
years when I was 19 that they came to
see me 50 times when I was 15 and I was
like 50 times they really study you you
know they have tapes they watch you and
watch you again so if you are at Arsenal
and the both produce because you have
something special and after that you
just have to be yourself it's like a
family and everything is really private
we help each other you know it's really
really good to be involved in a club
like that because you feel really
protected you feel happy and you just do
what what you like the most which is
playing football they are lucky I was
lucky coached by a manager like are some
beggar who gives opportunities to young
players they have shown you know in the
carling cup in the reserve team when
they play that they are capable of
playing in the first team and that's why
the body's giving there then the
opportunity to do it
I've been really lucky to play against
great players but if I have to choose
one an ex-teammate that I had in our
patrick makes your life so difficult to
play because he's constantly behind you
you know tackling you know how good he
is with the ball as well he's got great
character and you know he will never
stop running and stop you know being
behind you I've been playing now with
Spain two times against him and then
again she went to the well and
definitely is probably the toughest
player I've ever played I love football
so much I would probably try to do
something that evolved me you know with
who bought me a manager I don't know
about Alba I don't think I could live
without football the appreciation for
Cesc Avila
you